- Previously on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- I'm taking care
of you guys tonight.
I would love it if you guys
would be my groomsmen.
- What is that, dude?
- What is that thing
in the butt cheek
in the middle?
- It's your steak, motherf---er.
- What the f---?
- Also sitting here
with someone pretending
that they haven't had
a married boyfriend.
- I don't have
- You got the Range Rover
and all that in eight years?
- Of course I can afford
a Range Rover.
How are you
since we had headlock?
- My head's doing okay.
It's still on.
- Are you fired yet?
- I haven't spoken to Lisa
about that.
I have to talk to her tonight
If she comes in.
- If I catch you drinking,
doing whatever you're doing,
if you do any of that...
[clicks tongue]
We're done.
- I saw you talking to Lala.
- And it was, like,
completely taken out of context.
- It was very unexpected,
so I'm--
- And I'm not going
to talk to her.
- It just--
it just looks like my friends
are questioning my decisions.
[Dena Deadly's
"Raise Your Glass"]
- * You know
that it's our time *
* These are the best days
* Of our lives
* Just raise
your glasses high *
* This one's
for you tonight *
- * I don't care what you say
* I'm gonna do it anyway
* Don't care
what you think you know... *
- Why don't people
have hooks for purses?
- Under the table?
- Yeah.
- You better invent that
and sell it to everybody.
- It exists.
They just don't have it here.
- Make millions of dollars.
- Oh.
- My little baby brother,
Jeremy,
has moved in with Tom and I.
- Dude, whatever you want
to wear today of mine.
I know you don't have a lot of
your clothes here yet, so just--
- Damn, hell, yeah.
- Before Jeremy started
staying with us,
I would say Tom and I
were having sex
probably three times a week.
Now it's more like
maybe once every other week,
so...
I mean,
I guess that's different.
[electronic music]
- Is that Lala's Range Rover?
- What? Yeah.
- Dude, that thing's
f---ing sick.
- Hey.
- What's up, girl?
- Hi, guys.
- Hey.
- How is everybody?
- Great.
- How are you?
- You know, I'm feeling so fresh
and so clean today.
- I say the same sh-- to myself
in the mirror every morning.
- Yeah?
- Anyone?
- I'm not driving
a Volkswagen Passat.
Maybe I should be.
Maybe no one
would question me then.
- You need anoth--
you need, like, another car.
- You need a burner car.
- People at Sur
ask me about my car
and how that was paid for,
but I don't owe any of
these people any explanation.
I'm sucking dick for a lot
more than Range Rovers, honey.
[chuckles]
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
- How are you doing today?
all: Good.
- How are you?
- I'm gonna be comatose
after this.
- Comatose?
- Can I start with
your buffalo chicken cheese fr--
- You want to start with the
buffalo chicken cheese fries?
- Yeah, girl, that sounds good.
- Of course, no problem.
- I think I'm gonna
do some pepperoni fries.
- All right, I'll be back.
- What'd you guys do last night?
- I went to James's,
and we just, like, had "Champs,"
and I got his apartment
not so mannish
because his girlfriend,
Raquel, comes in today.
- Does he--
- Have you met her before?
She's 21,
and--but she's a pageant girl,
so I know that she wants
to, like,
be a goody two-shoes.
- So Raquel's gonna stay
in the living room...
- With--
- In the sheet wall?
- So you would understand
my concern.
- Oh, my God.
- Like, I'm not gonna
bump pee-pees with my man
behind a screen, you know?
- [laughs]
Stop it.
- This is my sleeping area,
my bed, my Union Jack.
- Go in the--go in the bathroom
and turn on the sink.
- [laughs]
- But it's too small.
There's no way.
- If you can do it
in the airplane,
you can do it in that bathroom.
- Who--who does it
in an airplane?
- I've done it before.
- What?
- Like, a regular
commercial plane?
- Yeah.
- [giggling]
- Standing doggie.
- Gangster, gangster.
- Gangster.
- Right?
- You think Raquel will
keep him in line?
- I mean, I hope so.
- I mean, I know Lisa
would probably love to give him,
like, literally
a million chances, but--
- She can only do so much before
it starts to look bad on her.
- I'm sure it's--before she's--
- Right.
- I mean, Lisa has a reputation
she has to maintain,
and James is testing
that boundary.
- I think he has
one chance left.
- And he needs
to be really careful.
*
- [exhales]
God.
Whew, perfect.
[knocks on door, door opens]
- Oh, my gosh.
- Hey.
- Mm!
- Hi.
I've met this girl that
I'm completely in love with.
Her name's Raquel,
and I met her
at Pump on New Year's Eve
while I was DJing.
I played a little Beyoncé,
and I wound up
with a girlfriend.
You just slide it off
with your thumb.
[cork pops]
- [yelps]
I gave you the princess glass...
- Aww.
- 'Cause my other one broke.
- Oh, thank you.
- I'm so excited you're home
for the summer.
We've been seeing each other
long distance.
She's doing her senior year in
school right now up in Sonoma,
but she's here for the summer
staying with her parents.
It's gonna be a good one.
So when is your next pageant?
- The end of June.
- I'm gonna be there.
Raquel's a beauty pageant girl,
and she works with special
needs kids as well,
as opposed to Kristen,
who basically is
a special needs kid.
- But how are you doing?
- So work's been good for me,
you know, apart
from that one slip-up.
- Yeah, what happened?
- This guy came in and,
you know, kind of slowed
the night down
by putting me in a headlock.
[chuckles]
I didn't retaliate or anything.
- There are
a lot of people that
apparently don't like you.
- [laughs]
- I don't know why.
- You're a f---ing lying slut,
and you f---ed everybody at Sur.
- [spits]
- F--- you.
You did not
just spit on my door.
- Yeah, bitch.
- Walk away.
- I don't wanna fight right now.
Like, I don't wanna do this.
- I just feel like
people are jealous.
Like, I say that once,
I say it again.
Like, people see me in, like,
some kind of a limelight.
You know, I'm not serving
fried chicken,
and they don't--they hate that.
- Well, yeah, but you're
pursuing your dream...
- Yeah.
- And if that's upsetting people
just try to brush it off.
- You're just so, like,
just perfect.
- Babe, you're perfect.
- Oh, no, I'm not.
[upbeat music]
*
- Ooh, this is good.
- Rally good.
- What is that called?
Just for reference.
- I've got--
- Semillon?
- Semillon.
- I like that.
- I'm gonna be a little...
[grunts]
Tomorrow,
so do you guys want to come over
in the afternoon?
- Well, I'm already coming over.
- Yeah.
- To take care
of your sobbing ass.
- And then I'll come over
and make fun of you.
- I'm getting veneers put in
tomorrow
because I'd like to assume
that guys still look at me.
It's like, I'm so vain
that I would like to think
that I still have it.
I'll be a source
of comic relief.
- That sounds good, yeah.
I'm gonna come over.
- I'm gonna be like, "Hmm."
- I'm gonna haze you.
- So Carter and I went over
to Scheana's parents yesterday.
We were hanging out
with her and Shay.
She started getting upset,
and she was like,
"The other night Katie was drunk
and she hurt me," and I go
but I think you've hurt
her feelings too.
- What have I done to her?
- I don't know.
She said she--
you hurt her feelings when--
at your house or something.
- When I try to have
a critical conversation
with Scheana...
I'm just asking for,
like, support.
I don't need to be,
like, corrected.
- You keep saying that I said
something I didn't say.
- I am not.
She becomes so defensive.
That's, like, not fair.
But don't come to me
and say...
- Right.
- "F--- her,"
and then to Lala you're
gonna be, like, cool with.
- That's an issue.
- Oh, that's a huge issue.
- It's a loyalty thing.
- Yeah.
- Are we busy?
- Yeah, there's a party
in the garden.
- Okay.
- Okie doke.
Sounds good.
- [sighs]
Roll up city.
Here you go.
- Thanks.
- Are you and Katie okay now?
- I mean, you know,
when Katie's drunk,
she's irrational.
She accused me, like, four times
of saying something
I absolutely did not say.
- It'll pass.
- Yeah.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
[tense music]
*
- Is there a big party
happening in here tonight?
- Yeah, in the garden.
- Are you--okay,
are you working that?
- It's probably
one of the closers.
- Okay, are you gonna be
working in there?
- I'm on restaurant side.
- Okay.
Are you liking it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- So far it's been fun.
- But you've been--you've been
a waitress before, right?
Haven't you?
- Yeah, mm-hmm.
- So how was
everybody's weekend?
Did you guys have to work,
or did you get to have fun?
- I'm, like, really not trying
to be a bitch.
It's just, like,
Katie is one of my best friends.
I'm happy to say hello to you
and be professional.
I just, like--the conversation,
it just makes me uncomfortable,
but I hope you had
a fun weekend.
*
The last time Katie saw
Lala and I in the same room
I got the full-on wrath
of tequila Katie,
so I don't want anyone to see
Lala trying to talk to me
'cause then that's gonna
get back to Katie,
and I don't want to hear it.
- I got a marble trash can...
[cell phone beeps]
And now it's too heavy
for me to empty the trash.
- Well, then start working out.
[all chuckle]
I don't know what to tell you.
- [laughs]
- What's up?
- Scheana just texted me
from work.
"I'm at work opening with Brit,
and Lala is here.
"She came up all nice
and tried to talk to us
"when I interrupted her
and said,
"'Not trying to be a bitch,
but we aren't friends.
"'Katie is my friend.
You talking to me
makes me really uncomfortable.'"
*
- Obviously,
I'm very proud of Scheana
for finally telling Lala off,
but she should have done that
from the beginning.
You know what I mean?
So cool, Scheana, welcome back
to our group of friends.
Don't f--- it up.
- It's a step
in the positive direction
that she did this today.
- I agree it's--
and I'm so proud of her,
but this is gonna be something
that keeps coming up,
just, like, the way she acts.
- Well, I think we can just
all get together
and just have, like,
a conversation...
- Yeah.
- And at the end of it
we're all on the same page
about everything.
- Yeah.
- The quicker we can all...
- Get this over with?
- Move on from this,
that would be better.
- Yeah.
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
- Here's a cocktail menu.
*
- Hey, darling.
- How are you?
- Good. How are you?
- Good.
- How well do you know
the wine list?
- I know it okay.
I'm still studying it.
- Well, hurry up.
- I am.
Just getting caught up
on everything.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- Good.
How are you?
- How long are we gonna
tolerate this?
- What?
- James Kennedy.
- Oh, okay, don't tell me.
He's been okay, right?
- Really?
- Why?
What's he doing now?
- Coming in here drunk.
Like, him, like,
screaming and yelling,
disconnecting the music,
leaving the entire venue
without music.
- I mean, that's no good.
How can I have that?
I have made it
exceedingly clear to James
that if he's ever
intoxicated at work,
that will be the end
of his tenure,
so if I can actually get
definitive evidence
that James has been
drinking on the job,
then that's
the only excuse I need.
- Like, I don't want him to be,
like, acting like this
and feels like he's so entitled.
- And do you think he's kind
of acted entitled lately?
- Yeah, like, I--
I seriously
do not like this person.
- All right.
- I know you will
take care of it.
- Thanks, Diana.
- Of course.
- How many times have we had
those falling outs
you've told me you're not happy,
you don't want to be with me?
Like, I just--sometimes
I wonder if there's,
like, a nugget of truth to that.
- * Set me free
- Hey, is this
Dr. Engler's office?
- Yes, it is.
- Hey, this is Tom Schwartz.
I was just calling
to let Dr. Engler know
that I'm gonna be,
like, ten minutes late
for my appointment.
I've been having
little premarital
heebie-jeebies.
- You sure you want to do this?
- I'd be lying if I said
I haven't had doubts.
There's just some things,
like, some deep-rooted things
that I'm still
kind of dealing with
and sorting out in my head
that I felt like I should
go to a professional.
Hey, Dr. Engler.
- Great to see you again.
- How you doing, doc?
- Have a seat.
- Good to see you.
- It's good to see you too.
- Thanks for seeing me
on short notice.
- Yes.
- [sighs]
Well, I'm getting married.
- Uh-huh.
- Whoa, yeah.
- That's becoming real now?
- You know--sorry, it's hard.
It's like I--
[laughs]
Um, I feel bad.
I feel like I'm coming--
going behind her back
and talking sh--
about my soon-to-be wife,
you know?
- Right.
- I didn't tell Katie
about going to therapy
because...
there's so many different ways
to upset her,
and I am a little scared
of what she's capable of
when she loses control
and fully goes over
to the dark side.
[sighs] She always
is telling me still, like,
she feels like
I don't have her back.
She seems to always be
in a argument
or talking trash about someone,
and if I try to call her on it,
I get accused of being
self-righteous or an asshole...
- Right.
- And I'm pretty callous.
I'm just like, "Don't f---ing
put me through this again-"
- Right, which--
- "For the 100th time."
- Which probably escalates her,
yeah.
- Oh, my God,
it makes it so much worse.
It's just--yeah, it's our--it's
our long history of ha--I mean,
there's been so many
of these falling outs.
You know, these are chronic,
and Ka--alcohol is always
the catalyst.
- That's the Tom Schwartz
interpretation of things
because you guys
like to hear it.
- No, no, no, no, Tom Schwartz
is reasonable and diplomatic.
- My own boyfriend...
- Like, stop.
- Is standing up
for the whore in there.
- Wait, come here.
- It's always, Katie's drunk.
- Yes, it is your f---ing fault.
- You're the one that needs...
- Why is this the way you talk?
You're just...
- Oh, f---ing f--- off.
- Tom!
- F--- off!
- I don't feel like
I've ever really been able
to articulate clearly
or express to her
just how much I die inside
when she goes to the dark side.
- Right.
- It kills the Schwartz.
- Your homework assignment...
- Hit me with it.
- Is to go home tonight...
- Okay.
- And have your check-in
conversation with Katie.
- Okay, check in.
- And say, "Actually,
"I want to understand your rage.
I want to understand
what makes you feel-"
- Oh, man.
Oh, I don't want to do that.
- "Unsafe in a relationship,"
you know, and--
- Can you come with me?
I almost wish I could
give Katie, like,
some sort of ultimatum
like she gave me, you know?
Either this behavior stops
or we're not getting married,
but I don't have the balls
to do that.
I cannot keep doing this sh--,
you know?
- Okay, so I'm just gonna
ask you the question.
- Okay, yeah.
- Okay.
Are you really ready
to make the commitment
given all of the feelings
you've expressed today?
[soft dramatic music]
*
- Um, I mean, I do have
moments of doubt for sure
where, like--like,
it does flounder.
- Are you sure you want
to get married this summer?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- I know you feel stuck in this,
and you're not
stuck like this at all.
[electronic music]
*
[indistinct chatter]
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- How was your weekend?
- It was pretty good.
Okay, so we've got a party
in the garden tonight.
- Yeah, that's exciting.
- So we've got maybe
an overflow,
so you help the lounge bar.
- Yeah, I'll be there, for sure.
- Yeah.
- Can I just give you a heads up
before you walk into
that room over there?
Because I think Scheana
and Lala went at it.
- Do I really need to hear this?
- 'Cause this is our workplace.
I don't want fighting going on.
Do you want fighting going on?
- You love fighting going on.
You live for fighting going on.
- I'm trying to be
a bigger person here.
I'm trying to, like, tell you--
- That's why you stand there
behind the bar
and spread every bloody rumor
that doesn't even exist.
- It does exist.
Well, here she is.
She can explain to you what's--
- Explain what?
- Explain what happened in there
with Lala coming in and--
well, before she walks in--
- Brittany and I are doing
our roll-ups,
and then Lala walks up
and was like,
"Hey, girls,
how was your weekend?"
- What's wrong with that?
- Like nothing's ever happened.
- We're not friends.
I don't--
- So? Come on, Scheana.
- No, but I--
- It's a workplace.
If she comes in and says,
"Hey, girls," it's okay.
- I know, but Katie hates her.
- Oh, Lord.
- This whole thing--
but I'm saying--
- I can't really
get involved in all this.
- But that's what I'm saying.
- And you stop laughing.
- I think Kristen, Stassi,
and Katie,
like, they share one brain,
and if you don't think
the way they think,
then you can't be part
of that group.
- Katie got mad at me-
- What are you talking about?
- Because I chose
to be professional and cordial
because I'm a forgiving person
who doesn't hold grudges.
- Okay, all I'm asking you to do
is to be civil and cordial
and nice...
- Absolutely.
- And not to make this place
a hostile work environment.
- Absolutely. Absolutely.
- Do you understand that?
- I agree.
- No, you're a sh-- stirrer.
There ain't no two ways
about that.
- That's a good point.
- There will be no issues here
with her and I.
Professional, cordial,
doing my job.
- Go on then.
Go and do it.
[hip-hop music]
*
- I like how you recognize
I'm relaxing right now
because I need to relax.
Butter,
now is not the time, man.
- Hey.
What's going on, bub?
- I'm just doing
some adult coloring, you know?
- Oh.
- This is my unwind time.
I drink my wine.
I color the book.
- Yeah, oh, you're drinking?
- While the--
- Are you drunk?
- Why?
Well, I mean, okay,
I'm not gonna lie.
Like, I did have,
like, some glasses of wine
at lunch with the girls today,
but that doesn't count.
- Oh, um...
Oh, sh--.
- Where have you been?
- [sighs] Well, I actually was
with Dr. Brandy, our therapist.
- You were?
- Yeah, I know.
- How come I didn't know
about this?
- I mean, I don't know.
I had a lot going on in my mind.
I don't--I don't want this
to be, like, a confrontation.
I just was talking and venting,
and I just was like--
I was talking to her,
and I don't think
I ever fully expressed
to you how much,
when you go to the dark side,
it, like, pushes me away.
I mean, how many times
have we had those falling outs
where you've told me
you're not happy,
you don't want to be with me?
Like, I just--sometimes I wonder
if there's, like,
a nugget of truth to that.
- Do you think I would
just put down
a deposit on wedding invitations
if there was a nugget of truth
in something I said
when I was
blackout f---ing drunk?
- But, you've said it 100 times
over the course of--I'm just--
- It's not my fault when I try
to have a conversation...
- Bubby.
- And you don't f---ing
ever listen.
It's like being
in a relationship
with the f---ing wall.
I need Tom to be
a support system
so I know that I'm not alone.
- You have to be self-aware and
admit that when you--you know
when you go to that dark place
it's f---ing scary as hell.
- Yeah, I know--Tom, you've
already paid me back for that.
- Bubba, bubba.
- You've already paid me
back tenfold.
- Bubby, you got to--
first of all, take a breath.
- No, no, you take a breath.
- You're getting--
- We're sitting here planning
a wedding, and you're like,
"Is there, like, smidgen in you
that doesn't want to marry me?"
- Bubba, bubba, bubba.
- And I'm like, "What the f---?"
- No. Well, just--after y--
- You just dropped a bomb on me.
That's what you just did.
- No, I didn't drop a bomb.
Bubba--
- Yeah, you did.
- This is not going
how I planned it to go.
- No, it's not.
- This is supposed to be
a nice, pleasant conversation.
- [stammers]
I should just take it?
- No, you shouldn't just take
it, but can we just talk?
You're gonna be--
like, you're making me feel--
- I'm trying to just have
a conver--this is
how I have a conversation.
- But I just--
I know my therapist is good,
but what she should have
told me is,
"Don't bring a knife
to a gunfight,"
because Katie has me
seriously outgunned.
- I'm sorry that I'm--
- See in your face--
- No, but I'm sorry that
I'm defending myself...
- See? I--
you have been drinking earlier.
I shouldn't have even
brought this up.
- Well, do you have
anything else to say?
Because I'm done talking to you.
- No, bubba, don't be done
talking to me.
- Yup, mm-hmm.
- I don't want to fight.
- Bubby, no.
- Well, it's your fault
for bringing it up, so.
- Bubba, you seem to be focusing
on when I was like--
when I said,
"Is there any doubts?"
Bubby, there's no doubts
on my side at all.
I'm so excited.
I'm in it to win it, you know?
I'm happy, and I'm excited.
Bub?
- 'Kay.
- What do you mean, okay?
Bubby, no.
Don't be upset.
[melancholy music]
That's the last time I ever
try to talk about my feelings.
*
Bubba?
- They need to take an order,
Jax.
They need to take an order.
- You're an--
- You need to get
more cosmopolitan!
[overlapping chatter]
both: * We won't stop
* We're goin' for the gold
* You can't tell us nothin'
- Are you gonna
clean the fish tank?
It's disgusting.
- [sighs]
So I have to pay the bills
and clean?
- Only the fish tank.
- Pay the bills,
clean the apartment,
make my own dinner.
- When have you ever made
your own dinner?
- They don't like it
when I do this, the fishes.
- Why'd you let it get so dirty?
That's your one job.
- Are you actually gonna
start paying bills?
You don't want to work,
that's fine.
I'll pay your bills.
I'll pay everything,
but when I come home
I'd like to have a sandwich.
- Oh, shush.
- I choose
to support my girlfriend
because that's just
how I was raised,
and that being said,
I expect something in return.
If I was a chick,
I'd be like, "F---, man,
I'll make you
25 sandwiches a day."
What time do you have
to go to work?
- We go in
at the same time, honey.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's gonna be
a good day for you, huh?
- James isn't working tonight?
- Oh, I don't know.
- I'm gonna kill that kid.
- Jax really wants
to beat the sh-- out of James.
Now that James is--
[pops]
[laughs softly]
Okay.
Jax really, really,
really wants
to beat the sh-- out of James.
I think--
[pops]
[both laugh]
Don't take a deep breath,
Brittany.
Okay.
Jax really wants
to beat the sh-- out of James.
They just have this weird thing
that's back and forth.
He cannot stand him.
The--
[pops]
[laughs]
What is happening?
Are you at least gonna shower
and change your shirt?
- No.
- You're working a shift.
- Yeah, I'm not there
to impress anybody.
I don't give a f---.
- Will you at least
change your shirt?
- I'll just put some
deodorant on and some cologne,
call it a day.
- * Pushin' like an animal
* Hungry like a cannibal
* You control the way...
- My orthodontist told me that
I couldn't, like, eat,
and he's like,
"The champagne diet,"
but I just--
- Uh, can I marry your doctor?
- Scheana was, like, texting me,
and she was like,
"You're gonna hate
the grinding noise," and I'm--
- You were awake?
- I was wide awake,
but they shot my whole mouth up.
- What the m--
- I mean, it's just--
- This is, like, horror stories.
Chin implants all day, erry day.
- No, it's just--
- They gave me Valium.
They gave me nitrous.
- So you're feeling better
than anyone else right now.
I now no longer
feel bad for you.
- So after--like, yesterday,
I come home,
I want to talk to Tom,
and sure enough, he comes home.
He's like, "So I went
and saw Dr. Engler,
the--our therapist."
I'm like, "So what--like,
what'd you talk about?"
He's like,
"You say things, like,
when you--when you're,
like, drunk and upset."
- Everybody does.
- But can I have a drink
without you being like,
"Oh, you're wasted.
"I'm scared of you.
I'm not gonna--"
- Of course.
- Like, that's insulting.
- Well, it's also hypocritical.
- I think
that's what
every man thinks though.
One of the issues
Schwartz has with Katie
is that he's scared of her
when she drinks
because she tends
to fly off the handle,
but it's like, no,
this is just, like, actually,
like, human emotion
and, like, how women are.
[knocks on door]
- You don't have to knock.
No one ever has to knock.
- Hi.
- I didn't know all that.
- It's just polite.
- Hi.
I brought you a liquid,
clear liquid.
- Yes.
- That looks really good.
That's, like,
straight and white.
- Yeah, 'cause I couldn't
explain it to you on the phone,
but these will be smaller,
and these will be bigger.
It just feels weird.
Like--
- Mine still, like, to this day
every day, like, feel different.
- Yeah.
- Because this tooth
I don't actually have anymore,
so I can feel the back
of the veneer, like, the ridge.
I've never had any surgery,
anything cut open
other than my mouth.
The only thing I do is...
[clicks tongue]
I shoot stuff in.
I don't cut stuff apart.
[chuckles]
- Would you like some champagne?
- I'm okay.
Thank you though.
- Okay.
- Wait, okay, can--
Kristen read that text.
Can you--
- Yeah, so Lala, like,
comes over, and she's like,
"Hey, guys.
How was your weekend?"
- Agreeing to be cordial
in any capacity with her,
she's gonna exploit that
and take advantage of it.
- I mean, I don't see her trying
to have another
conversation with me
because what I'll do again
is just walk away.
- I know, but--
- Have a little faith in me.
I'm not a f---ing pushover.
- No, I know, but that's what
I was trying
to address that night.
Kristen, Stassi and I
want to arrive at a place
where Scheana understands
what kind of friend
we need her to be.
If she can do that,
then we can be
the four best friends
that ever were.
Like, I was trying so hard
to not say the wrong thing
or present it in a wrong way
that you would think,
like, I'm attacking you
or anything like that,
but it still, like,
ended up happening.
I don't want you to be,
like, hurt
because I'm trying to, like,
con--like, confront you about
not an "issue"
but just something that,
like, didn't sit with me well.
- This is not meant to be mean.
I don't want you to ta--
I know when people
preface something like that
it sounds like
it's about to be mean,
but, like, for real, I mean--
I don't mean this to be mean.
You have an issue with this,
and I feel like
if I communicate that with you,
you're gonna think
that I'm coming at you,
and that's not what, like,
a real, solid friendship
is like.
- I know that you're
super sensitive.
It's a thing that works
against you,
and it's the thing
I love the most about you.
- But that's why--that's why I--
that's--yeah because--
- I didn't know I was coming
over to get attacked, jeez.
all: But you're not.
- Because we're sitting here
telling you
how much we love you.
- I have told these girls
numerous times
that I feel like
it's three against one,
and they're always like,
"No, no, no, Scheana,
it's not like that,"
when I'm like,
"You guys, this is exactly
what I was talking about."
- I just had a feeling
that may--
you made it a little more like,
"it's all good."
- No, but you guys
jumped way ahead.
You're like, "Oh, now, like,
Ariana's gonna invite you
to lunch,
and then Lala's gonna be there,
and then--" I'm like, that--no?
- But, like, I feel like you
should have, like, known better.
- And that's not how I meant
for it to come off,
so I apologize.
- See?
That's all--like, I was not,
like, mad at you,
but I was just like, I have to,
like, let her know this
so it doesn't, like, snowball
and I don't get frustrated.
- So whenever we have
an issue with each other
from here on out,
you confront each other
in a constructive way
even if we're drinking.
- Yeah.
- Communication for the win.
[techno music]
[indistinct chatter]
*
- Oh, we're--
- I'm not allowed to.
- Okay I'm just gonna set it
here so you can pretend.
- You know, obviously,
I know that Lisa's told me
"Don't drink before work."
[indistinct chatter]
Mmm.
*
But I don't feel like
it's a big issue
to be a little buzzy.
Is it vodka?
- Lemon drop.
both: Whoo!
- I feel like James
is just getting worse.
I just don't know
how he gets away
with half the sh-- he does.
[soft dramatic music]
[sighs]
I'm tired.
- Look, I wrote down...
stuff for wine
in case Lisa asks me.
- Table 16 I just sat--
- Table 16?
- Yeah, it's, like, the big one
with six people.
- Oh, okay.
Okay.
- I've been here six years.
I couldn't tell you
any of the number
of the tables.
- I always look
at the computer still.
- [laughs]
Okay.
- Wait, before you go
over there,
can I talk to you
about something?
- Yeah.
- I've been like really nervous
to work on Wednesdays lately.
- Why?
- 'Cause James DJs,
and in April--
like, the beginning of April,
we hooked up.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
- Well, I didn't--
- Wait.
- [laughs]
- He's been dating a girl
since New Year's, I thought.
- I didn't know that.
I just started working here
in February,
and I didn't know he had
a girlfriend,
but when I found out,
I called it off.
And I was keeping my mouth shut.
I didn't want any drama.
- You told me.
You told the wrong person.
- Oh, everybody knows now,
and I'll tell you why.
He, like,
flipped out on me at Pump.
- It was that the night he got--
like, got his--
went crazy on everybody?
- Well, he went crazy on me.
- He went crazy on you?
- No, but--yeah.
Like, calling me a whore.
Like--
- Every day I hear something
about this kid.
Every single day.
You know, Sur used to be
a fun place to work,
but since James started
working here,
everyone's crying.
Everyone's fighting
with each other.
Can't this place just go back
to the way it used to be?
- Sorry I've been
f---ing you every day
without protection
and been inside of you.
- Are you really gonna do this
with people here?
- Yeah, I am.
F--- you.
- And it's really
disrespectful to Lisa.
- So does his girlfriend know?
- No, his girlfriend
doesn't know,
but that's not my--
- Oh, she's gonna find out.
- She will know
now that he knows.
- [laughs]
But that's not my goal anyway.
- It's my goal.
- He--
- Yeah.
- It's my goal to ruin
that kid's life.
- They're thirsty,
thirsty little girls
that need a drink.
- You are turning
into an asshole
[techno music]
*
- Okay, take your time.
Take your time.
*
- I got--
got some information today.
- Oh, you did?
- I found out--
well, one of the hostesses, GG,
she comes up to me,
and she's like,
"Listen, James has been
kind of calling me names
and calling me whore,"
and all this
and, like,
verbally attacking her
because he doesn't want her
to tell everybody
that he cheated
on his girlfriend.
- That sounds like
when Brittany came into town.
- And you--then you started
calling Lala--
- What you did with Lala.
- Own up to the sh--
that you said in my ear.
- I never said anything.
- You said,
"I promise I'm gonna f--- you."
- No, I never said that.
- Maybe one of the reasons
why Jax doesn't like James
is 'cause he feels like
he's looking at himself
ten years ago,
and he doesn't like
what he sees.
- I--I think he's surpassed me
in douchiness.
- They got, like,
nothing tonight,
so I wanted to give them
big parties,
but whenever they're done,
I'm gonna seat them there.
- Okay, perfect.
Are you good for just a minute?
- Yeah.
Okay.
*
DJ James Kennedy.
What's up, homes?
- Do you like my swag tonight?
- I love your swag every night.
So can I ask you
a solid question?
- About what?
- I have heard
some things around here...
- What?
- That you've been hooking up
with other chicks.
- Well, I just want
people here...
- Right.
- To know the truth.
- Is that happening,
or is that not happening?
- No.
With who?
- You would tell me the truth?
- With who?
- GG.
- That blonde girl?
- No, she has brunette hair.
- No.
I wouldn't f--- GG
with a 10-foot pole.
I mean, I'm here driving around
an Aston Martin.
You think I'm gonna jump in this
Honda Civic for a quick joyride?
Me and Raquel love each other.
- I know you do.
- Come at me,
any desperado bitch
that wants to become someone.
- Keep your voice down.
Hey, you don't need to say--
stop with the cursing.
- Nobody's talking to you.
- Be quiet.
You're talking to me.
- You're nobody.
You're nobody.
- Nobody's talking to you.
- You're nobody.
- Then stop talking to me
if I'm nobody.
- Go--go sling some more d---
for Range Rovers.
Yeah.
- Asshole.
- GG said you hooked up
with her,
and then were calling her
a slut and whore.
- DJ on, JK.
- Jax, Jax, Jax, Jax,
what are you doing?
- I'm asking what--I want
to know what the problem is.
- What are you doing?
- I can do whatever I want.
- You don't care.
- Yes, I do.
- But why?
- Do you want more sangria?
- She's upset.
- Red, white.
- You're--you're working at Sur.
You're working.
- There's no--
- Don't come at me and say,
"Oh, my God.
Oh, no, so this--
- I'm gonna come at you whenever
I feel like coming at you.
- Why?
- You're kicked out
of everywhere you go.
You can't go a day
without getting your ass kicked.
- 'Cause I'm a rock star,
and you're a bartender.
- A rock star?
Anybody can push play
on a laptop, you idiot.
- In Vegas?
- It's not even connected
to anything.
- They need to take an order,
Jax.
They need to take an order.
- You're--
- You need to get more
cosmopolitans.
Pop-tini!
*
- Hi.
- What up, dude?
- Lookin' good, dude.
- You look handsome.
- Thanks, man.
- I don't know about
that man bun, but...
- It's not a man bun, dude.
- We can talk about it.
If I get drunk enough,
I'm gonna snip that thing off.
- So what you been up to?
What you--
- Dude, I don't even
know what happened yesterday.
I went to therapy.
I left feeling good,
and I went back home,
and I wanted to have, like,
a little, like, state
of the relationship address,
you know what I mean?
- Yeah?
- Dude, it did not
go over well at all,
and I told her--I was like,
"That's the last time
I express my feelings.
They're going right back down
where they belong."
- I really, truly don't think
that Katie has any concept
on how damaging it is
to Schwartz
when she goes to the dark side.
- Anyways, I don't want
to bore you with all that sh--.
I know we were joking around
about it before,
but I think I'm actually gonna
have Ariana be a groomsman.
Like, seriously.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah, why not?
- That's f---ing awesome.
- Katie doesn't want Ariana
to be a bridesmaid
for several reasons,
including the fact
that she's friends with Lala.
What if she actually
was a groomsman?
- She and Lala have, like,
gotten closer as friends
like, right in the middle of her
talking all this sh--.
- So, you know, for the moment
I'm gonna avoid telling her.
I brought her an ass steak
and some ass shrimp, you know.
- I mean, fair is fair.
- [laughs]
All right.
*
- Are you almost done?
[indistinct chatter]
- Hold on, hold on, no, no.
- Scarf.
- It's af--it's after--
this is the girl,
all right?
- Oh, what? What? What?
- GG.
- What have you been
saying about me?
- What have you been saying
about me,
that I'm obsessed with you?
- Nothing at all.
We can't shout.
- If you wanna start a problem
with me because you
hooked up with me, and you--
- No, I didn't hook up
with you ever.
- James, you are actually
a f---ing psychopath.
- You're being unacceptable
and very rude.
- Go ahead.
You're always drunk.
You have no talent.
- Why?
That's not what you said--
- It's so embarrassing.
- What are you talking about?
- That's not what I said when,
at your house?
- At Pump when you--
- At your house? At your house?
- When you come to Pump
every f---ing time.
- At your house.
- He's drunk.
- GG.
- Okay.
- I don't care
if they f---ed or not.
The only thing
that I can think about is,
"Thank God rumors
are being spread
about somebody that is not me."
[dramatic music]
- Hey.
- Hi, Lisa.
- Everything good?
- Everything's great.
*
- Hey.
- Hi, Lisa.
- Ooh.
- How's it going?
- It's going.
I wouldn't mind a glass of rosé.
- Hello, hello.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Okay.
What's happening?
- We might need to talk outside,
away from people.
- Okay, let's talk outside.
I'll be out on the terrace.
Diana saying,
"Hey, can I talk to you,"
is never a good thing.
Come on, sit here.
Tell me.
- Well, I--
- Tell me your
objective opinion.
- [chuckles]
When I came to the bar,
I was just hearing the yelling.
- Yelling?
- James screaming
out of his lungs.
He's so obnoxious,
the way of, like, clappy hands,
his screaming,
and people were looking at that,
and this is representing you.
- Okay, let me see
what's going on.
- You want to talk to him?
- Well, yeah, send him out.
- I'll be right back.
- Sometimes I walk in,
and everything's
absolutely copacetic,
and then other times I walk in,
and James is being an asshole.
This is one of those nights.
- Hi.
- What on earth is going
on with you?
- Nothing.
- Nothing?
- Nothing at all.
- No raised voices?
- Nope.
- James.
- [laughs]
What?
It's petty drama
that these bitches are--
- Shh, don't talk like that.
- Why?
- You don't even
understand the difference
between a civilized
conversation and being--
- They're thirsty,
thirsty little girls
that need a drink,
and I can't provide water
for them.
- You are turning into
an asshole before my very eyes.
- There is a catch.
- What's the catch?
- There's a catch.
[dramatic music]
- You don't even understand
the difference
between a civilized conversation
and being--
- They're thirsty,
thirsty little girls
that need a drink,
and I can't provide
water for them.
- You are turning into
an asshole before my very eyes.
- All right, Lisa.
You're obviously feeding into
what everybody else
is telling you,
and I don't appreciate that.
- We've invested a lot
in this kid
and really kind of put our necks
on the line for him,
and this is the way
he repays us.
You're not Calvin Harris.
- Oh, who said that?
- Well, you think you are.
- Where did you learn that from?
It's ridiculous.
- No, I don't.
- Yeah, you do.
- When you're creating a problem
and you're raising your voice
in my business,
I can assure you,
you need to calm down.
- No one's out here.
No one--no one's around us.
- Go back to the boo--
- No, but--okay, fine.
If you want me to go back
and you don't want
to talk to me respectfully,
I need to tell you the truth.
- I've had enough.
Go back to the DJ booth.
- Why?
- Play your little discs
and shut up.
Do you understand me?
Because you are one stage
from me telling you to go home,
and you don't want that.
- Lisa, I love you so much.
- Doesn't matter.
- I respect you so much.
- Well, then show me respect
and do exactly what I said now.
Go back to the DJ booth.
*
[electronic music]
- Dabble, dabble, Deezy.
- Hey.
- What's going on?
- Not much.
- I came in to say
what's up to the guys.
- How's it going?
- Do you know that I feel like
I've been neglecting Sur lately?
- I came out here for a break,
and then I realized it was,
like, 45 degrees out here, so.
- Oh, um, there's another reason
I came here,
and it involves you.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
I'm not quite sure
how to say this,
but, uh...
I think I want you
to officially be a groomsman.
- Oh, my God.
That's so cool.
- Take it in.
- Get over here.
I've never been a groomsman
in anyone's wedding.
I've been a bridesmaid
a jillion times,
but, like, it's just so cool
that he would think of me,
and I'm super excited
to wear a suit.
- There is a catch.
- What's the catch?
- There's a catch.
As you remember,
I made Tom and Jax
a nice dinner,
a very special dinner.
- You ate steaks that were
between my ass cheeks.
I feel good.
I like Ariana,
and I want her to be included,
so, you know, eat my ass steak.
Eat my ass shrimp.
Oh, this is commitment.
This is real groomsmanship.
[laughing]
Dude, you--
officially, officially
a groomsman.
- This is, like,
the coolest thing
that's ever happened to me.
[laughs]
*
- Hello.
- Hey, what's up, dude?
- What are you
just still doing here?
- I'm cleaning up, man.
- You're still cleaning up
these bars?
- Yeah.
- Can I get a shot?
- I mean--
- I mean, you want
to do one together?
- If you're leaving.
- I'm leaving. I'm off.
Look at me.
Seriously.
- Dude, I just want you
to keep your job here.
- My job's kept.
- Good.
- I'm a most valuable player.
- You're MVP?
MVP of Sur?
- Most valuable player, yeah,
I think so.
Sorry it's me, Jax.
- I'm cool with James,
but he's a lot.
One too many glasses
of chardonnay,
and he's f---ing a lot.
No, dude, I--
- Thomas, listen to me.
Look at me.
What are you looking for?
- Looking for my towel.
- Whiskey's what you're
looking for.
I don't see Lisa anywhere.
- Looking for my towel,
I'm looking for my towel.
F--- it.
Let's do some babies.
- You gonna do Jack
over Black Label back there?
- Right?
- Jack? Cheers.
- Cheers, man.
- Go back to the DJ booth.
[tense music]
I'm serious.
I don't care.
- Well, we're--
we are "technically" closed.
- This is crazy.
- Huh?
- He's good.
- You've got to put your foot
down with him.
- No, I know.
I'm just talking to him.
We're just--
we're just shooting the sh--.
- You're older, wiser, smarter.
Tell him.
- All right, all right.
*
[sighs]
Well.
- What is the issue?
- See?
- Oh, my God.
You guys.
- I didn't.
I didn't.
- No, I'm not.
- You sound very drunk.
- Wait, no.
Guys, it's not about
the drinks tonight.
- Lisa, I promise you.
- He is.
- I said sorry.
[crying]
I won't do it again.
- See what he's like?
- Please, Ken's getting mad.
Lisa, stop.
He's gonna get mad at me.
- Ken scares the sh-- out of me.
- Shh.
- Oh, my God.
I can't deal with this
f---ing bullsh--.
- See?
- What?
What?
Ken, look--
- I would never
disrespect your wife, Ken.
- Go home.
- All right.
That's a wrap.
- What do you have to say
for yourself
after last night?
[dramatic music]
*
- It's not a good look to get
into fights at Lisa's spots,
so I've got to say my apologies
and get back to work.
Hello.
- Hey, James.
- What's up?
- Hey, didn't know you were
gonna come here.
- You all right?
- I'm actually just leaving.
- Are you gonna--
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- I got to go to work.
- All right, well,
have a good night.
- You too.
- All right, darling.
- I love you, mom.
- All right, love you too.
- It's a beautiful setup
out here.
- Mm-hmm.
- Looks gorgeous.
- What do you have to say
for yourself
after last night?
- I've never been so scared
in my life, to be honest.
- What's happened to you?
What's happened to the boy
that we knew three years ago?
- Hi, Lisa, how are you?
- Hello.
I see you're
doing your job properly.
- Yes, Peter is making it
very clear
that these need
to be extra polished.
- And now you've turned into,
like, really,
a-a drunken asshole.
*
- What do I do?
- I'll tell you what you do,
and I tell you,
I am drawing a line in the sand.
You are not working
for me any longer,
and you're not coming into Sur,
and you're not coming into Pump.
- You know,
indefinitely fired forever
just sounds crazy.
I just don--
- Your behavior warrants it.
I've given you more chances
than I've ever given
anybody else ever.
- On one hand, Jax is
a f---ing wanker,
and GG's a f---ing whore,
but on the other hand,
I let them
get the best of my emotions.
You know, am I at fault?
Yeah, but they're at fault
for being f---ing assholes
as well.
- I think it's
for your own good.
You've got to sober up.
- [exhales sharply]
It's so hard though.
[crying]
It really is, Lisa.
I don't know how to control it.
- You should never have
another drink in your life.
That's who you are.
[somber music]
*
Go.
- Okay.
All right.
*
I have stood by James
as much as I possibly could.
I will always support James,
but I refuse to enable him.
- [sighs]
[crying]
- Next time
on "Vanderpump Rules"...
- He didn't instigate that...
- Yes, he did.
- No, you provoked it.
- I provoked it?
- Shut up for a second
and let me finish.
- Do you know
how many things
I have heard about you?
- You know how many things
I've heard about you, Lala?
'Cause I've had
all the girls ask me
if you're seeing a married man.
- It's not that
I'm being secretive.
It's for my own well-being.
- You are.
You haven't told one person.
- How are you two getting on?
- We've had a few
little flare-ups.
Cool, Tom, do you want
to insult me more?
Talk about how your dick
doesn't work either.
- What?
My dick works great.
- To see more of
"Vanderpump Rules,"
go to bravotv.com.